feat: [IDP]: Added the docs on GitHub PR Card (#8577)
harness/developer-hub: docs/internal-developer-portal/layout-and-appearance/home-page-customization.md

Apart from these, there are two more cards that can be added, removed or edited according to your requirements. 

### GitHub PR Card

![](./static/github-pr-card.png)

> This GitHub PR card provides a summary of your pull requests across all repositories you have access to, including both public and private repositories across multiple organizations. The numbers displayed at the top, such as "15 Created," "1 Review Requests," and "1 Assigned" only reflect open pull requests, even though the card also contains information on closed pull requests, as seen by the "Closed (525)" tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This GitHub PR card provides a quick access to the pull requests you have created as well as the PRs you have to review. It shows PRs from all repositories you have access to, including both public and private repositories across multiple organizations.

The numbers displayed at the top, such as "15 Created," "1 Review Requests," and "1 Assigned" only reflect open pull requests, even though the card also contains information on closed pull requests, as seen by the "Closed (525)" tab.
```

The access is configured thorough [GitHub OAuth](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/git-experience/oauth-integration/#configure-oauth-for-git-provider), meaning you'll be redirected to GitHub to sign-in to populate this card. It will display data across all repositories you have permissions for, making it easy to track your contributions, review requests, and assigned PRs in one place without switching contexts.

> > Note: The Numbers displayed at the top only gets updated in-case you change the Organization filter or re-load(refresh) the entire homepage. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: The Numbers displayed at the top only gets updated in-case you change the Organization filter or re-load(refresh) the entire homepage. 
```

I don't think the UX needs to be explained like this. Let's talk about the value, features, limitations (if any) and how to set it up.
